v2 volume: add "Replacing `backendStoreDriver` with `dataEngine`" to important note (#839)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/deploy/important-notes/index.md

## V2 Data Engine

### Longhorn System Upgrade

Longhorn currently does not support live upgrading of V2 volumes. Ensure that all V2 volumes are detached before initiating the upgrade process.

### Changing Default Huge Page Size to 2 GiB

To increase the quantity of v2 volumes and enhance user experience, the default huge page Size for the V2 Data Engine has been raised to 2 GiB. Prior to the upgrade, ensure the configuration of the huge page size to 2 GiB on each node.

### Support for ARM64 Platform

As of Longhorn v1.6.0, volumes using the V2 Data Engine support the ARM64 platform. For more information, see [Prerequisites](../../spdk/prerequisites/).

### Replacing `backendStoreDriver` with `dataEngine`

>  The attribute `backendStoreDriver` within the parameters of StorageClass and Longhorn resources, including `volume`, `engine` and `replica`, has been replaced with `dataEngine`. Please remove existing StorageClass for v2 volume and recreate them utilizing the updated attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The attribute `backendStoreDriver`, which is defined in the parameters of StorageClasses and other Longhorn resources (for example, volumes, engines, and replicas), has been replaced with `dataEngine`. You must remove the existing StorageClasses for V2 volumes and create new ones that use `dataEngine`.
```
